feat(copy/backport): add bot_account option (#2482)
Mergifyio/mergify-engine: docs/source/actions/copy.rst

     - ``true``
     - Whether to create the pull requests even if they are conflicts when
       cherry-picking the commits.
   * - ``bot_account``
     - :ref:`data type template`
     -
     - |premium plan tag|
       Mergify can impersonate a GitHub user to copy a pull request.

>        If no ``bot_account`` is set, Mergify will copy the pull request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       If no ``bot_account`` is set, Mergify copies the pull request
```
